source/index.html.md, before:

---
title: Welcome to Middleman
---

# A title

<div>
  <img src="http://placehold.it/700x350"/>
</div>

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

Commit message:

Adds welcome message in English

source/index.html.md, after:

---
title: Welcome to Middleman
---

# Our Playbook

<div>
  <img src="http://placehold.it/700x350"/>
</div>


# Welcome

This is our playbook, a [living document](https://github.com/icalialabs/playbook) of our practices, rituals and dynamics we execute inside [Icalia Labs](http://icalialabs.com). We decided to share all of this because transparency has been a key element for us to start everything we do today. 

We were able to start developing the first product thanks to open source software and experiences we found of many in different websites. We were inspired thanks to a tech community promoting local meetups, hackathons and critical talks between passionate individuals sharing all their knowledge. 

The main goal of this playbook is to share the way we execute things inside Icalia Labs. We are pretty sure the way this areas work for us, aren't going to work the same for other companies. Although, it will help as a point of reference for anyone willing to compare or challenge the way things have been doing in their field, or simply help others to build something and be encouraged to do it. 

Hope this piece will help anyone out there.
